Add docs for Key Auto-Generation, Multiple Keys and Key Replacement (#2150)
PelicanPlatform/pelican: docs/app/advanced-usage/server/page.mdx

When a Pelican origin or other service is started, the server automatically generates a new private key if one is not present.  However, if someone is running the origin on your behalf, you will need to generate the keypair on your own and send the public portion to the origin operator. If you're doing the deployment, it can also be convenient to generate the key-pair in advance and mount the private key file to the Pelican server via configuration variable, especially in a container environment.

The Pelican binary ships with a `pelican key create` for generating a private/public key pairs (this replaces the `pelican generate keygen` command):

```bash copy
pelican key create
```

Pelican will generate both the private key and the public key under the current working directory:

```console
Successfully generated keys at:
Private key: /path/to/private-key.pem
Public Key: /path/to/issuer-pub.jwks
```

You can change the location of the generated keys by passing in  arguments `private-key` and/or `public-key`:

```bash copy
pelican key create --private-key /tmp/foo --public-key /tmp/bar
```

> You can also use this command to derive the public of an existing private key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use this command to derive the public part of an existing private key.
```

> To configure the Pelican server to use the newly-generated *private key*, move it into the directory specified by the `IssuerKeysDirectory` parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure a Pelican server to use the newly-generated *private key*, move it into the directory specified by the `IssuerKeysDirectory` parameter in the configuration `yaml` file:
```

Server:
  UIPasswordFile: /path/to/generated-htpasswd-file
```

## Key Auto-Generation, Multiple Keys and Key Replacement

### Key Auto-Generation

Starting with Pelican v7.13.0, if no pre-generated private key is found at either `IssuerKey` or within `IssuerKeysDirectory`, Pelican server will automatically generated a new private key file in PEM format inside `IssuerKeysDirectory`.

```
IssuerKeysDirectory/
├── pelican_generated_<TIMESTAMP_IN_MILLISECONDS>_<RANDOM_CHARS>.pem
└── ...
```

> The [Privacy-Enhanced Mail (PEM) format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Privacy-Enhanced_Mail) is a standardized format for sending and storing cryptographic data.

### Multiple Keys

> Pelican supports multiple keys from v7.13.0. Server administrator can place additional `.pem` file into `IssuerKeysDirectory`, and any valid private key in this directory or at `IssuerKey` can be used to verify token or payload signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pelican supports multiple keys since v7.13.0. Server administrator can place additional `.pem` file into `IssuerKeysDirectory`, and any valid private key in this directory or at `IssuerKey` can be used to verify token or payload signature.
```

> When selecting a key for signing, Pelican automatically chooses the private key with the lexicographical smallest filename.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When selecting a key for signing, Pelican automatically chooses the private key with the lexicographically smallest filename.
```

```
ConfigBase
├──IssuerKey
└──IssuerKeysDirectory/
	├── pelican_generated_<TIMESTAMP_IN_MILLISECONDS>_<RANDOM_CHARS>.pem
	├── <ANY_NAME>.pem
	└── ...
```

Pelican scans the above directory every 60 seconds to detect newly added or removed private keys. When [retrieving public keys](/federating-your-data/origin#obtain-the-public-key-of-the-origin), Pelican dynamically generate them from the current set of private keys on-the-fly. If `Server.IssuerJwks` is specified, Pelican also includes public keys from that `.jwks` file.

### Key Replacement

> With support for Multiple Keys, Pelican allows administrator to replace private keys anytime. Follow these steps to replace an existing key:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With support for Multiple Keys, Pelican allows the administrator to replace private keys at anytime. Follow these steps to replace an existing key:
```

> 1. Generate a new pair of private and public key by the `pelican key create` command.

Author: Sure

> 2. Make sure your Pelican server is running. Copy the new private key file to [IssuerKeysDirectory](#multiple-keys).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Ensure that the Pelican server is running. Copy the new private key file to [IssuerKeysDirectory](#multiple-keys).
```
